Add pre-commit docs to CONTRIBUTING.md. (#1627)
NVIDIA/cccl: CONTRIBUTING.md

2. Create a pull request targeting the `main` branch of the original CCCL repository. Refer to [GitHub's documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests) for more information on creating a pull request.
3. Describe the purpose and context of the changes in the pull request description.

## Code Formatting (pre-commit hooks)

CCCL uses [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) to execute all code linters and formatters. These

> tools ensure a consistent code format throughout the project. Using pre-commit ensures that linter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tools ensure a consistent coding style throughout the project. Using pre-commit ensures that linter
```
